Ollama Bash Lib - Demo - Code Review - Non-streaming
--------------------------------------------------------------------
model: dolphin3:8b
prompt: This is the Ollama Bash Lib.
Act as an expert Software Engineer.
Do a full code review of this script:
file: /ollama-bash-lib/ollama-bash-lib.sh
--------------------------------------------------------------------
Overall, the script is well-structured and provides a comprehensive set of functions for interacting with an Ollama system. However, there are a few areas that could be improved:

1. Error checking: The current implementation only returns success (0) or failure (1), but does not provide any specific error messages or codes. Adding more informative error handling would make debugging easier.

2. API endpoint validation: Currently, the script assumes that all provided API endpoints exist and are valid. Consider adding checks to validate the input before attempting to call the API.

3. Code organization: The code could be further organized into separate files for related functions or split based on public vs private APIs if applicable.

4. Documentation: While comments are present in the script, additional documentation, such as a README file, would help users understand the library's purpose and usage better.

5. Variable naming convention: The script uses both lowercase and uppercase variable names. It is recommended to follow a consistent naming convention throughout the code for improved readability.

6. Code formatting: Some lines are quite long and could be broken up for better readability. Using appropriate indentation and spacing can also help improve the code's structure.

7. Use of external tools: The script relies on external tools like `jq` and `curl`, which may not be present in all environments where the library is expected to run. Consider providing alternatives or built-in functionality if possible.

8. Input validation: Some functions, such as `ollamaClearModel`, do not validate input parameters properly, leading to potential issues when called with unexpected values.

Overall, the script demonstrates good practices for creating a Bash library, but there are some areas that could be improved to make it more robust and maintainable.
